by recording hello everybody out there
in internet land
today is Monday the 9th of September
2019 and you have tuned into the
exciting weekly meeting of the ipfs
documentation and developer user
experience task force my name is Jessica
and I am your unofficial official host
for this week without any further ado I
wanted to welcome a new addition to our
to our pain of Brady Bunch people so
Terry do you want to introduce our new
friend thank you for saying Brady Bunch
because I haven't clicked that button
yet now we are the very much yeah um
Jill joined our team at the end of last
week and we're super excited
he works for moxie Jill why don't you
introduce yourself and the kind of stuff
you've been working on in the space okay
so I've been working at moxie for about
a year now and I've worked on something
related to 2pl earlier I was in the in
the know meais and IDM project and now
I'll be joining the teri and helping out
with protocol super excited obviously
sad to lose to yoga but so happy to have
have Jill with us so super excited he's
got got a PRN already tweaked some stuff
so it's awesome Molly's impressed look
at that face alright just running
through our agenda really quickly
because we have a lot of stuff at the
end of this week so I'm going to talk
real fast and it's gonna be annoying
launched what's this helpful metrics for
our current Doc's mister CW yeah dive
straight in a nice little feature
addition that we try to and sandwich
into our current existing platform so we
get some metrics basically want to see
what documents are currently working for
us and what aren't so we can draw some
attention to upgrade them so let me
share my screen very quickly and this is
the PR that got in and it will continue
to be improved but as a first version
it's just added this
little action point at the bottom of
every document on the current I
professed darks no sorry I contacted a
there we go this should just be on
autocomplete happen anyway yes if you go
through the documentation every page now
you'll get the track in to see whether
this one up and I'm just clicking on it
so we don't do the metrics and what
we're doing now is propagating that up
to our analytics profile and I've
recently discovered Google dates to do
so we can actually have an analytics
metric dashboard so we can start with
this so this is like a little overview
of currently we're at with the
documentation that's been helpful not so
we've got sixteen interaction since
Friday and and only one unhelpful
documentation so we'll have to look at
that so that's that feature what else
was there all right anything else we
should know not for now I think we're so
there was a PR to extend and improve
that which is so if someone says no we
can actually then link out to an issue
so we can catch more information because
obviously just having a thumbs-up
thumbs-down is not as actionable as we'd
like so and the next step will be to
improve that too so we can have some
feedback directly um one thing one thing
that I noticed as I was going through
you know it's nice that we're able to
pick these up on hash links so if
somebody links to like halfway down in a
really nice view page that's at least
giving us a slightly better idea of the
inbound and we'd all talked about this
last week a little bit there's a there's
somewhat of a caveat on this in that we
do have like some very very very lengthy
pages in our documentation you know like
the API guide so there are going to be a
few pages where you've got like a huge
huge amount of information and then
you're frozen Jessica Jessica
Eric turn your turn your thing around
you like sitting in the same place yeah
oh I crashed too we can hear you from
Eric's computer interfaces just aren't
moving we can talk to us if you want
now so you can't great idea
like the 14 let's find the agenda max
platform features Tori that's probably
what they were trying to talk about
ducks platform tech stack slash
framework do you want to talk about that
Chris while we wait for them to reappear
absolutely yeah so I think the summarize
now I've written a bit more of a lengthy
description in the in at the notes but
essentially I've been looking at mainly
two frontrunners most likely darkus or s
for getting our guides into a platform
that we're familiar with it uses a web
pack and react framework so it'll be
very familiar for us to continue
developing on top of that and much more
impressed with the v2 outline and
they're starting to use the docks or sp2
on some of the internal Facebook
products themselves but obviously it's
not feature parity with version one and
if we need to do a little roadmap
outline to see whether what we need in
terms of like our features for launch so
the priority of the main things are
missing right now the versioning
documentation so you can actually create
branches french versions which is
something that we would like to do for
ipfs it is coming on the roadmap and an
internationalization which is also not
being completely Specter and v2 so those
two those are two of the major pitfalls
and we could work with the alpha branch
for now and basically get something
that's better than what we currently
have and improve our searching but
there's no clarity against like how long
it would take for that to those features
to be developed and from speaking to the
community and looking inside some of the
issue queues it seems like it's more
it's still very much a side project for
core members are working on it so it's
not there's no full-time development
assignment to it so it could be that we
can contribute back of course and we
decide that we're going to use this
across
our products and it's a viable use of
our time but it also I'm looking at
other options to see whether or not we
could find some they'll give us a
shortcut and so if you press is also
quite interesting it's different
different approach because it's then
most of our apps and front-end stuff is
actually in react so it would be a new
way of doing things but that also is
missing one key feature which is
versioning as well
so someone has done a third-party plugin
for it that kind of works but it's not
part of the core framework so either of
those things that it's not the pros and
cons to both so um my proposal now we've
got some of the other features merged in
the other way it's just some building
it'll spike against the two of them so
we can start to compare how like we
prefer to start with and which one will
be worth the major effort as we said
originally for the okiya it's more to
get this defined so we've got a rough
outline for q4 so we can end develop and
put our energy into whichever platform
we choose to go ahead with either of
these will be great solutions compared
to actually rolling around using
something like audacity and completely
migrating everything across ourselves
I'll be way more development effort than
we currently have to assign to it so I'm
quite confident it will we'll have a
solution in place it's just like with
that tallied with the card so exercise
that we did on Friday and we're going to
start to put together some interesting
plans and the big outline for this is
that we are going to run this in
parallel with the existing dock so we're
going to start to migrate to a brand new
platform and have that could be a beauty
rollout so we'll integrate the feedback
and some nicely about mechanisms to to
create that whole so it'll be differing
work so that's all to be defined we
jumped we jumped past you just going
it'll feel free thickness back to what
you were trying to tell us
sorry about that there was sort of some
massive Wi-Fi something that we
unplugged so so I think I think I was
talking about lengthy pages and the end
is this helpful when when we probably
disappeared which is probably
self-explanatory
the other thing was that
on Friday a bunch of us got together and
did a card sort exercise too on the
existing ipfs stocks that ifs that I
have navigation this is sort of an
extension of the content audit stuff so
if we jump up to the recurring item
content audit Eric did an amazing job of
going through the content content
inventory that we inherited from Porsche
and turning massive amounts of that into
github issues there's some open
questions and we're gonna go through
those together in in person since we're
like both in the same space on Monday
and Tuesday and then also the other
thing we want to do in person is work on
the answer to is some of the
conversation that came up in the card
sort I think we got a lot of really
really good insights I'll link to the
test plan for for all of our q3 Doc's
efforts and you can from that test plan
you can go through and see all the all
the artifacts for the card sort both the
mural Doc's that we ended up on at the
end of that activity and then some of
the notes that we took in some of the
questions that we asked so super super
exciting moving on to the second
recurring item the docs platform
features inventory looking through that
list it sounds like we've pretty much
got everything that we wanted to get
into that document in that document so
one of the things that we're hoping to
do this week is just solidify that into
something that's a little bit more final
so that you know for qq4 type efforts
you know that that starts to get into an
effort into activities of starting to
solidify that and to github issues both
for features implementation and then
also for you know however however you
Kris want to layout for project
management purposes your github issues
for actually building out the new
platform
let's see lots of Help Wanted tags yes
yes so I think I know that that our
queue for our q3 ok are around the
platform futures inventory it was to get
down on paper all the things that we
wanted in the new platform and then to
some degree as as possible
ties those and get them into something
that we can just start cherry-picking
the issues when we when we have a
platform to start building on so that's
well into into um spec to be finished by
the end of the quarter without any
problems which is awesome
let's see Chris you talk through the
next item on the agenda which was the
docs platform tech stack and framework
thank you
recurring item hire documentation
specialist we are starting to make some
progress on this which is great we have
a couple of very strong candidates I
need to talk with both the the mini
hiring panel of the folks who did the
interviewing as well as the formal
hiring panel and about how best to
proceed it may be that we end up
actually functionally being able to
combine this into the file coins that
were not the same role but then to
combine the candidates into a pool for
either the file coin Doc's role or the
ipfs Doc's role which means we might
actually get to hire two people which
would be super awesome but in the
interest of confidentiality and
candidate protection hit me up outside
of outside of the public forum if you
want to talk about this in more detail
but the news is looking good so moving
on to the persona Eric and I are
speaking with folks from textile and Qri
just to just for like a like a 45 minute
hour long open discussion about the
persona particularly like where they fit
into those roles both in terms of where
they are now and as they were getting to
know ipfs as a technology so I hope to
get a little bit more validation or some
changes done based on those
conversations I've also got trying to
line up conversations with a couple of
other really engaged partners working
with our county and district to trying
to get those names so watch that space
but we're starting to get starting to
get those discussions on the calendar
and then finally then that I can shut up
there are a whole bunch of new hot fixes
on the Zen hub board which is great and
if you're not on that have those are
captured in issues in our both our repo
the docs
and in the ipfs website repo and those
are all tagged with docs - ipfs is it is
a handy way of finding all of those
issues so Eric got those on our books I
went through and and groomed them
categorize them according to how they
may or may not have fit with particular
okay ours and then flagged the ones that
that were right for outside contribution
with Help Wanted so they are captured in
there should you find yourself with some
free time I feel like attacking some
open issues please go nuts yeah front
page quizzes metrics Chris back to you
sure thing I don't have any too exciting
to show in this cool so I think we need
to summarize at a higher level how we're
how we going to create some conclusions
around this but so far quizzes life it's
doing it's doing great we've got the new
profiles set up and we've had roughly
15,000 interactions to date which is
allowing us to help understand how
people are basically funding through the
website and what actions are taking I
gave a short preview to a few people
last weekend last week yeah not weekend
and yeah we just need to now work out
how we can extract some similar data
into our high-level dashboard so we can
monitor it on a daily basis or at least
in a weekly migration a cohort so I
think that that requires a call of its
own and probably like an entire at least
half hour so that's the big to be
concluded but I know Eric and Jessica
and myself will basically talk through
this in a bit more detail this week as
well um and while we're kind of remote
co-working I'll join in awesome
protocool yeah I think Joe is among our
most exciting Brussels updates this week
I've been kind of digging out from my
vacation so we haven't pushed too much
on stuff but there are some updates I
was out on vacation and then we had a
missing week so that I threw in a couple
I'd at least one day although a thing in
here as well um so Joe has access to
produce well he needs access to the docs
repo things like the daily bonds
I'm sure we'll think of more stuff as we
go so make sure whoever are the admins
gonna manage to those things and one of
the other things that was really
exciting that happens this week is that
we had an external contributor but a PR
directly to the protocol website instead
of just opening an issue just super
exciting for me um that's awesome and
one of the biggest things I wrapped up
was adding I'll call it wrapped up there
are a couple of things missing but I dug
around and paying people to try to find
a bunch of slide decks from my PFS camp
and made sure those are in both the repo
for this specific workshop they're from
and surface then and by redoing the
format of the table and the readme
that's kind of a first step of me going
through all the ipfs camp
content to see what fits best in proto
school which I believe is a p0 for s
this quarter I'm in the next big thing
there and then one of the things that I
think never got captured in this meeting
is that Diogo went through and changed
under the hood the way some of the
structure works in proto school so if we
as we build new content realize we need
to change the name of a tutorial it's
will no longer mess up the caching the
thing that lets you see like oh I pass I
started this lesson and I passed this
lesson it would have made you look like
you had no history for a tutorial how do
we change the title of it so that has
been fixed so that it won't cause that
problem um and there are a number of
smaller things that are less Docs
related including
CSS fixes already from jail so we've got
plenty that we're juggling as usual but
those are the highlights anything else
you think of Joe no not really I think
that's pretty much it
God knows I added notes for Chris I
believe you can add Jill to the daily
BOTS I think since were they poop off
for that um Eric do you mind adding him
to Zen hub I don't think I can I think
they're from github oh ok ok
and then Joe did you talk to Electric
about getting into the repo
a chance yet but I will though that I
just had to do to the docs team on
github that thing I think that means
that you now have write access to all of
the repos that you need write access if
you find a repo where you don't yam
electric but then you should be able to
go cuz n hub and I believe you just sign
in using github you have to give it
access to all of your private repos but
other than that it then should let you
do all of the things you need to do
through some hub I do not think there's
another step right I don't think so but
we'll find out Joe I will just DM you
and slack the URL for our Zen hub board
and I think the place to start is to
just click on that link and see whether
it lets you in cool coca-cola let's see
I believe that is all for now Wow we
blew through this fast because it's only
922 in my local timezone anything else
anybody wants to add we were remarkably
efficient today I actually saw something
in my foot I started that new course and
I saw something on the instructor site
that I could show you just Miller did
something we're doing so it was just
it's similar in concept to what we might
do to collect more information but
basically on every page of her notes
which is you know more or less April
enough that's just it this way and has
and it's the content gets pushed down so
you'd still be able to see the content
that you wanted to comment on and has
suggestions on what kind of suggestions
are useful obviously if someone knew how
they do how to fix stuff themselves and
github you'd be passing on the
opportunity to have them do that that's
just a neat little thing and she has it
at the top of every page do you mind
adding that gosh where's the github
issue 250 is the one for the original
implementation of it is I can take
screenshots
this is password-protected but I can
take screenshots and yeah
that would be amazing can you add that
to issue 250 yes very
that's very slick thanks nice I guess
the only other the only other note is
that Eric and I are in person all day
today and all day tomorrow
that is not friendly to those of you in
the Europe timezone wise but an open
channel and so if you would like to
discuss anything with us
shoot shoot one or the other of us at
the end we join you later today I
believe that is all that we've got this
week any anyone else with anything else
shots and wasps it sounded like kids
playing but hopefully hopefully the
apocalypse is not nigh Chris could you
relink you're awesome spreadsheet that
tries to to list all of the features
that we would need from a documentation
tool especially if the one that was our
frontrunner is like a side project for
some people at Facebook it makes me a
little bit nervous in terms of having a
high confidence that it will get better
and better quickly and be supported well
into the long term we've definitely had
that that struggle with badger
as a data store and go ipfs where it's
like well badger does all these things
really well but it's you know kind of
questionably you know well maintained
and that is a struggle going forward for
for us to make use of it so i would love
to like make sure that we're our top 5
things that we're looking at are like we
feel super
about it exactly that's the front of my
mind as well because it's a what saves
you in a short term will absolutely buy
you a long long run so it's just a case
of making sure we're aware of the
balance there I mean the saving grace so
far is that they are trying to
Commission it and push a lot of the
projects to use to use the version two
of the docq source as well so there's a
slow out like rollout process and
they've got a whole channel on discourse
it's like for dogfooding so they but the
way in facebook seems to be set up is
like is very similar to PR where you've
got independent projects and teams that
basically do their own thing and they
can make a choice whether or not they
wish to use it so none of them so far
I've had any pushback so but as I say
it's not feature parity is not there yet
but if stall either of those are a big
step on which is why I brought me to
view press because as a platform or at
least as a tool set it's actually way
more well maintained and have regularly
regular releases bigger plug-in
ecosystem it's just it's just a matter
of choice and and then there's a whole
like bespoke give out in the group which
is thoughts we have full control of but
then if we can get stuck down a rabbit
hole ourselves sensing and not always
better off so yeah absolutely well I
would like to summarize all of this in a
post on on its own I think it's a lot of
information to conclude is really
awesome the thing I'd I'd wish next in
the wish list is to like loop into like
p0 s p1 speakers or something so that
cuz that's a lot of features and let's
not do the classic like I'm gonna just
find the maximal coverage on my
checklist like let's find the top the
top ones that are gonna make or break it
yeah and that's that's on our list for
today and tomorrow is to try to get that
you know obviously it's not going to be
a final decision in terms of
prioritization but we can at least sort
of get these rings a little bit yeah
there's everything we have improved plus
additional things that are missing that
are key to long-term success so I think
that's kind of where we're anything but
yeah let's um let's all get that
together in the dark and so we can have
some comments around it and well I just
remember actually I won't be I will be
out next Monday so I'll be good if we
get that dock together we can let that
and propagate I'll friends using
you review press or whatever was right
it kind of as an experiment I believe me
but all of these options are still gonna
allow us to put it on ipfs and make it
fully accessible there right possibly
but that is another caveat it will be
depending on the relative path issue
which is just to do with how we hosted
so IPS issues if we change the route
path then it could become I mean it does
get rendered out which is great but that
will be another like asterisks in the
plan that we need to make sure we are
aware of so um for sure we got some
pretty a pretty high requirement for us
so let's put that in a higher priority
thing like if we're not only able to
share our own documentation over IP FS
and I put our own websites on the IC FS
like that's that's so yeah there's like
the side effect of the way we're trying
to do things with the web it's like an
alternative aspect to it so I think
that's it was like having its caveats in
place so we know that how we can address
it and but it will load the load via IP
NS and so that's the primary thing we
can host the on IP offense it just may
not be able to load it from a different
route that we need to thoroughly check
all that all right now we are officially
out of time so we shall see all of the
rest of you elsewhere on the Internet I
shall say my goodbyes as this big noisy
truck drives by my house thank you
everybody for your time